README.md, before:

# go
| branch | travis-ci | coveralls | docs | report card |
|--------|-----------|-----------|------|-------------|
| master | [![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/m-lab/go.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/m-lab/go) | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/m-lab/go/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/m-lab/go?branch=master) | [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/m-lab/go?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/m-lab/go) | [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/m-lab/go)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/m-lab/go)

[![Waffle.io](https://badge.waffle.io/m-lab/go.svg?title=Ready)](http://waffle.io/m-lab/go)


General purpose libraries / APIs for use in mlab code.

## General guidance
Packages in this repo should be:
+ Useful across multiple other packages
+ Non-trivial, either in lines of code or in semantic complexity.
Small simple things should likely just be defined where they are used.
+ Fairly carefully designed.  Probably should review design with other
engineers before putting in too much effort.
+ Well tested and well documented.  Test and documentation standards
should be even higher than for most code repositories.

Note that packages here are intended to be used in *other* repositories.
This means that it will be somewhat disruptive to change APIs in these
packages, as API changing PRs will break other repos, and require additional
PRs to fix those repositories.

## package tags
Please mark packages in development as *alpha* or *beta*.  Use of these packages
should be discouraged in other repositories, until they are *stable*.

Once a packages API has stabilized, mark the package as *stable*.

You can still add __new__ APIs to stable packages, but mark these new APIs
as *alpha* or *beta* until they are regarded as stable and suitable for
general use.

## packages
### bqext
Utilities for interacting with BigQuery

### bytecount
Allows commandline flags to express quantities of Bytes like `--size=20MB` by
creating a new type `bytecount` that can be used as a `flag.Value`.

### cloudtest
Utilities for testing google cloud service abstractions.

### flagx
Extensions for the flag package.

### httpx
Extensions of the http package.

### osx
Extensions of the os package.

### rtx
Extensions of the runtime package.

TODO: decide whether to rename this to runtimex.

Commit message:

Adds memoryless package
Mmeoryless allows the running of functions as Poisson processes.

README.md, after:

# go
| branch | travis-ci | coveralls | docs | report card |
|--------|-----------|-----------|------|-------------|
| master | [![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/m-lab/go.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/m-lab/go) | [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/m-lab/go/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/m-lab/go?branch=master) | [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/m-lab/go?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/m-lab/go) | [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/m-lab/go)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/m-lab/go)

[![Waffle.io](https://badge.waffle.io/m-lab/go.svg?title=Ready)](http://waffle.io/m-lab/go)


General purpose libraries / APIs for use in mlab code.

## General guidance
Packages in this repo should be:
+ Useful across multiple other packages
+ Non-trivial, either in lines of code or in semantic complexity.
Small simple things should likely just be defined where they are used.
+ Fairly carefully designed.  Probably should review design with other
engineers before putting in too much effort.
+ Well tested and well documented.  Test and documentation standards
should be even higher than for most code repositories.

Note that packages here are intended to be used in *other* repositories.
This means that it will be somewhat disruptive to change APIs in these
packages, as API changing PRs will break other repos, and require additional
PRs to fix those repositories.

## package tags
Please mark packages in development as *alpha* or *beta*.  Use of these packages
should be discouraged in other repositories, until they are *stable*.

Once a packages API has stabilized, mark the package as *stable*.

You can still add __new__ APIs to stable packages, but mark these new APIs
as *alpha* or *beta* until they are regarded as stable and suitable for
general use.

## packages
### bqext
Utilities for interacting with BigQuery

### bytecount
Allows commandline flags to express quantities of Bytes like `--size=20MB` by
creating a new type `bytecount` that can be used as a `flag.Value`.

### cloudtest
Utilities for testing google cloud service abstractions.

### flagx
Extensions for the flag package.

### httpx
Extensions of the http package.

### memoryless
Tools to run a function as a memoryless poisson process.  Helps prevent spurious
patterns.

### osx
Extensions of the os package.

### rtx
Extensions of the runtime package.

TODO: decide whether to rename this to runtimex.
